---
tags:
- story
location: PI-308
---

## 281. PI-308

This cauldron does not have an elevator, just a slope with switchbacks.
It also doesn't go too far down — maybe thirty to fifty meters.
The tunnel branches into three open areas.

The left tunnel leads into a production facility, like you've seen in other cauldrons.
Machine armatures swarm around Snapmaws at increasing stages of completeness.
The one nearest you, the closest to finishing, looks odd with its armor-less, too-smooth form.
The assembly arms make jerking movements, back and forth in place, seemingly malfunctioning.

The middle tunnel leads to a dimly-lit storage area which extends off farther than you can see.
Containers of all shapes and sizes line the walls, hang from the ceiling, and sit in stacks on the floor.
Your Focus labels them with terms any engineers, machinists, or chemists would recognize, but also a number with complex terms unfamiliar to anyone.
In the distance, machine movement can be heard echoing through the chamber.

The right tunnel looks like it once had a door, but one side has been ripped off, while the other appears hopelessly wedged open due to damage.
The room beyond houses a Control Pylon.
It looks damaged: one entire side looks melted, while its reverse has streaks of scorched components running top to bottom.
Your focus labels it as `Status: Reduced Capacity`.

What do you do?

{:.story-links}
[You could try reinitializing the system via entry 282.](282-pi-308-reinitialize.md){:.story-link}
[You could cut its communication and production controls via entry 283.](283-pi-308-disable-controls.md){:.story-link}
[Or you could leave via entry 285.md](285-pi-308-exit.md){:.story-link}
