## 107

If characters spend time looking around in this room, or if the injured player allowed IASO to add a note to their Focus overlay, someone will notice that one of the instruments is Focus-labeled `Autosuture`.
It's an armature of some kind, with multiple points of articulation.
The free end has broken off at a joint, and can be found in the water on the floor.

IASO notices this and speaks to everyone (even if the MAU has been left behind):

> That is unfortunate, as I do not believe this facility had a spare.

To the injured person:

> My apologies — but perhaps another facility would have a functioning instrument?

If asked what the autosuture does:

{:.spoiler.block}
> An autosuture is a medical instrument which allows me to perform a number of surgical procedures.
> For example, it can help treat injuries.

The autosuture is next to a raised bed, opposite of a workbench of some kind.
Both have large, complex holographic displays which display a chaotic jumble of visual noise when approached.
The bed is Focus-labeled as `MedBed 1`.
IASO comments on it, speaking to everyone:

> That diagnostic bed could be valuable if the facility could be re-powered.

If asked what it does:

{:.spoiler.block}
> A diagnostic bed, or MedBed, contains a number of sample processing tools, as well as sensors which are far more powerful than the ones provided by a Focus or Sensor Pad.
> It aids Healers in medical diagnosis and treatment.

If asked how to re-power the facility, or for any details on how to get any of the damaged equipment working, IASO will apologize and say it does not have that information.

The autosuture, MedBed, and workbench are not movable.

{:.story-links}
[When you are ready to exit the facility, continue on to entry 108.](108-exit.md){:.story-link.story-link-continue}
