## 129: Teb

{:.avoid-break-after}
Read to everyone:

> [Teb](https://horizon.fandom.com/wiki/Teb) is a light-skinned middle-aged man whose soft-spoken demeanor belies a person of clear intelligence and empathy.
> The exposed skin on his face and arms is marked by healing scratches and bruises.
> He's talking with a dark-skinned woman as you approach, who seems agitated about something.
> The woman has an ornate, knitted shawl of considerable craftsmanship, and she tugs at its hanging mesh work as she talks.
> Over one should she has a rougher cloth bag, full to overflowing with root vegetables and what might be cured meats.
>
> "I don't like leaving him alone.  I wish they'd let me leave," says the woman.
>
> "I know.  But getting yourself attacked by Scrappers doesn't help anyone," says Teb.
> He sees you approach and moves to make room for everyone to talk, ensuring that the woman knows he is still interested in talking with her about her concerns.
>
> Teb, upon introductions, is excited to see new people with the skills to help build new lodges.
> He asks if you ran into any machines on your trip, so you relate your encounter with the pack of Scrappers without mentioning the delve.
> His eyes flick to your visible weapons, then to each Focus, registering something.
> "But," he says, turning to the woman, "before you help me, maybe you could help [Olara](https://horizon.fandom.com/wiki/Olara) first?"

Olara will explain that the same pack of Scrappers passed by Mother's Watch earlier, causing the Braves to prevent her from leaving until morning, out of fear for her safety.
Her home is more than an hour away, and she's worried about her brother, who she does not want to leave alone the entire night.

Teb will suggest that your party go with Olara, which should lessen the concern of the Braves.
Otherwise, Teb will do what he can to find beds for everyone for the night.

<aside class="narrator-note">
<header>Narrator note:</header>
<p>Accompanying Olara at this time is not crucial to the plot.
It will provide some opportunity for roleplay, to see some of the world, and maybe some combat.
If your session is short on time, you may want to skip it for now by persuading her to leave in the morning.</p>

<p>Normally this would not be explicitly called out in the module, but as this module is intended to be completed in a single session, you should be able to make an informed decision.</p>
</aside>

{:.story-links.story-links-one}
[If you agree to leave tonight, continue to entry 112.](112-leave-tonight.md){:.story-link.story-link-if}
[Or, persuade Olara to wait until morning by continuing to entry 136.](136-leave-tomorrow.md){:.story-link.story-link-else}
